AA docs round two (#63)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/staging/AA/aa-new-review.md

section, etc. it is expected to head into. One of the important jobs is making
sure that this information is actually correct through the application of
overrides.

To alter the overrides for a package, use:

```bash
$ ./queue override -c universe ubuntustudio-menu
```

Where the override can be `-c <component>`, `-x <section>`, and/or (for binary
packages) `-p <priority>`. If you want to limit the override application to
only source or only binary packages, use the `--source` or `--binary` options
respectively.

Often, a binary will be in the `NEW` queue because it is a shared library that
has changed `SONAME`. In this case you'll probably want to check the existing
overrides to make sure anything new matches. These can be found in
`/ubuntu/indices` on Ubuntu mirrors.

Currently, a special case of this are the kernel packages, which change package
names with each ABI update and build many distinct binary packages in different
sections. A helper tool has been written to apply overrides to the queue based
on the packages that are currently published:

```bash
$ ./kernel-overrides [-s <sourcepackage>] <newabi>
```

> Binary packages are not often rejected (they go into a black hole with no
> automatic notifications), so, check the `.deb` contains files, run `lintian` on
> it and file bugs when things are broken. The binaries also need to be put into
> `universe` etc as appropriate even if the source is already there.

Reviewer: The meaning of this para is not clear to me... Suggesting a change but need an ack (@cpaelzer, please?) that it's the actual intended meaning.
```suggestion
Binary packages are not often rejected (they are just discarded without any
automatic notifications). So, check that the `.deb` contains files, run `lintian` on
it, and file bugs when things are broken. The binaries also need to be put into
`universe` or other repositories as appropriate even if the source is already there.
```

If you're happy with a package, and the overrides are correct, accept it with:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```none
```

$ ./queue accept 23712
```

> You can also use `./queue accept binary-name` which will accept it for all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `./queue accept binary-name`, which will accept it for all
```

architectures.

## Partner archive

The Canonical partner archive, though not part of Ubuntu proper, is managed
using the same tools and queues. As such, use the same procedures when
processing partner packages. E.g.:

```text
$ ./queue -s hardy info
Listing ubuntu/hardy (New) 2
---------|----|----------------------|----------------------|---------------
 1370980 | S- | arkeia               | 8.0.9-3              | 19 hours
	 | * arkeia/8.0.9-3 Component: partner Section: utils
 1370964 | S- | arkeia-amd64         | 8.0.9-3              | 19 hours
	 | * arkeia-amd64/8.0.9-3 Component: partner Section: utils
---------|----|----------------------|----------------------|---------------
                                                               2
```

Notice `'Component: partner'`. Use `-A ubuntu/partner` to remove a package:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```none
```

> $ ./remove-package -m "request from First Last name" -A ubuntu/partner -s precise adobe-flashplugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./remove-package -m "request from First Last name" \
   -A ubuntu/partner -s precise adobe-flashplugin
```
